# Story-Making
This will be me making weird stories or entertaining stories? I dont know just something to do with the never ending free time i have as a child C: None of these are true...

In 1698, there was a boy born, and his name known throughout his tribe was Kawapuwanaka , and was the son of the strong chief Nihokumata. Nihokumata wanted his son to be his successor, and be one of the chiefs that would be remembered throughout their tribe for centuries, but Kawapuwanaka was not wanting to be a chief and instead wanted to provide for his family and tribe and be good , with a good life as a hunter. He was one of the greatest hunters of the indiands in their time and was praised for when he would become the chief, and his father was very proud of him , even though Kawapuwanaka was not boastful and didnt feel like he was that great which made him dedicated to try harder and made him an overall better hunter as a child. At seventeen he was aware of the coming days to find his spirit animal and he was scared, not knowing what to expect.. But on the day of his seventeenth birthday he went off to find his spirit animal. He went into the woods of the forest with scarce food and water. His first days were a breeze and had a teepee up in no time , however there were many spiders in the forest and was bit a lot, luckily none were venemous .As he went in search for nearby wood he would often find himself looking for humans and thought he was not as strong as the tribe had thought him to be and self doubted every time he had done it. By day 4 he had a ready supply of water with a valid technique of getting pure water , however still doubted himself because he had yet to find his spirit animal. He would find himself taking a little bit more than needed but always carried it for animals to eat. As he was getting some more water in his pouch he made for water, he found another indian that had survived through his test and had not came back for over 8 years without finding his own spirit animal. Kawapuwanaka bonded with him as a hope to feel more sane about life with someone to talk to and enjoy thoughts with . This left him more happy and saneful about his current state and often found himself smiling when hunting with him and no longer had more than enough food. While hunting he found a wolf, something that he had not often encountered and looked small by himself but as he would notice the distant possible threat to him , he called for his pack. This reminded himself of how he is not the greatest by himself and he is not the best, but instead was good while with others and found his true spirit animal, The Wolf. It took Kawapuwanaka not long to find his tribe, long for him, for us would be extremely tiring and long, and became the new chief , even though he soon realized he loved being chief and was happy with his life, and everything was going great until 3 years later after everything going just fine he had made contact with the white men for the first time, and his tribe was annihilated with the guns of their technology and killed most men but the leader of the white men had a liking for the chief and decided to keep him for an "unknown" reason , at least thats what their squad thought. (Yes I just referred to them as a squad dont be immature about it) 
